change(docs): Document how to get external PRs to merge (#6252)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: book/src/dev/continuous-integration.md

We use workflow conditions to skip some checks on PRs, Mergify, or the `main` branch.
For example, some workflow changes skip Rust code checks.

### Pull Requests from Forked Repositories

> GitHub doesn't allow PRs from forked repositories to have access to our repoistory secret oeys, even after we approve their CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub doesn't allow PRs from forked repositories to have access to our repository secret keys, even after we approve their CI.
```

Author: Thanks!
